I feel funny tell me something I don't
know chicken boy ha
very funny now where the h e double
hockey sticks are we you got me I don't
even know why you're here in the first
place don't ask me I don't know anything
hahaha oh god help hope you're gonna
kill me oh god whoa whoa turn the main
down a tad bit there skid row okay okay
does he's r you guys and like all evil
so with a live baby oh well all the
nerve let's go teach those rock and
solicit like hell I was just gonna eat
some reese's cereal it's breakfast
cereal for people who want to eat candy
for breakfast I want some hey I want
some chick tough biscuits kid you don't
get any Oh damnit I wanted a candy for
breakfast and my other rappers in the
commercial is this a black cereal all of
a sudden cereal should not be marketed
like that there need to be hot girls
eating it while spilling milk all over
each other then the camera needs the pan
after dialed ball that 10 naked hot
girls are swimming in then the big guy
needs to knock over a giant box of the
cereal and it needs to rain down on the
girls in slow motion that's how you make
a good cereal commercial I love you what
what your girls are really weird so you
gonna help me or not okay you talked me
into it what do you say midna let's keep
the tires and light the fires did you
say wow yes I didn't say fire what a lit
fire boy where's that damn kid I want to
beat him up why what did he do to you
what do you care nobody cares i want to
kick his ass yeah whoa whoa buddy let me
in tell me of your pain don't don't you
patronize me you don't really care yes I
do yes I do care later and then I think
it was my father who didn't hug me
enough I don't know what you don't know
why you don't know why he can't help you
cuz you're on fire you stupid fiery
bastard
what what did you call me die you sad
little fiery man died drowning your
issues in self-loathing oh my god dude
you did kill him who's only wanted a
baby wasn't life threatening or anything
you kidding he was so like coming in
firing junk you'd be like no I'm all on
fire get me a jug of water this would be
my impression of you I'm a stupid
burning kid no waiting after be all mean
about it mid no you need to apologize to
the kid come on midna apologize I will
apologize for nothing oh well then my
best for you kid tough luck you guys
suck I'm out here you're not going
anywhere hey what around the cream
cheese is that thing handled with a kid
I'm totally gonna beat him up can't do
that Mississippi you're totally wrong if
you think I'm doing that I'm not real
rip rah rah rah yep not rock okay I'm
not incorrect I'll take this one it's
morphin time
I'm gonna go Goldberg on your ass time
to taste the spare crap this is gonna
suck when the world are you guys I've
never seen anything so ridiculous but
cool at the same time who are we who are
we we are the ultimate the almighty the
old powerful ooh brownies hey get away
from there those aren't cool yet uh I
wanted a brownie will be patient besides
I promised one of that little boy over
there first yeah motherf R the first
thaw brownie is all mine and I want the
one in the middle cuz the corner pieces
always get fucked up and I don't need
that Wow nice little muffin you kiss
your mother with that mouth no but I'll
do something funny your mother with this
mouth what did you say bitch I will so
go crazy going spider on your ass oh no
you did not just call me out I will
murder your ass children children let's
be cool no one wants to fight here I do
I do well let's get some brownies first
sorry guys that kid over there ate them
all what who the fuck it all the
brownies mmm those are good kill that
motherfucker oh wait we'll wait guys you
don't want to do that yes we do yeah get
him
oh well does I'll eat the brownies in
the second pair myself then there were
more brownies the whole time why what
why the end